Gosh, I'm bored.
I can't have a conversation with these guys.
What's wrong with Won Joon? He's making me mad.
Why doesn't he call me?
What's a fricassee?
Sauteed and braised meat is called a fricassee.
(Hong Ah)
Hi, Hong Ah.
What are you doing?
Are you cooking?
Isn't today your day off?
Yes, but I'm here to eat with Soo Jung.
I have to go, Hong Ah.
You didn't even ask me why I called.
Why did you call me? What's up?
I'll tell you in person.
- Is it good? - Yes.
This wine goes well with it.
It's my expertise.
Who could that be?
I'll go.
- Hi, Won Joon. - Hong Ah.
Hi, Soo Jung.
Hi.
I came here because I was bored.
I called Won Joon, and he said he was having lunch.
Am I bothering you?
You can join us. I'll bring you a fork.
Soo Jung.
It's okay.
Unless we take care of Hong Ah,
we can't date.
Soo Jung, am I something to be taken care of?
Hong Ah.
This isn't right.
What isn't?
I told you I came here to eat with her.
So this is Soo Jung and my time. You barged in on us.
Did you bring your car?
- Yes. - I'll walk you to your car.
(Closed)
At least you walked me out today.
Drive home safe.
Are you really the same Won Joon I know?
How can love change?
Love might change, but old habits die hard.
What's the use of rebelling like this?
I know you ask for me when you're bored.
But this time it's different.
I think you're jealous.
As you know, I have strong...
emotional ups and downs.
I liked Jung Sun for four years.
That's because I felt competitive with Hyun Soo.
I liked him more because I couldn't have him.
You're being competitive again.
Because Soo Jung likes me.
You quickly forgot about Jung Sun, the one you liked habitually.
- You'll forget me too. - But you're different than me.
Why are you trying to be like me?
Do you want to be someone like me?
Don't live like that.
Hi.
This one here is a fighter.
What a beautiful flower.
Every year around this time,
it says hello and asks me, "Are you doing well like me?"
And then this is what I say.
"Yes."
"I'm alive and well."
You should try to do the same.
Then you'll find out.
You'll find out if it was real or fake.
Aren't you going home?
I'll sleep here tonight.
What is...
the surgery called exactly?
Do they have to open up her head?
Yes.
They'll cut out the aneurysm and reconnect the ends.
I want her to get surgery soon.
Why do we have to wait three months for her surgery?
We want the best surgeon because it's a difficult surgery.
What if...
it bursts while we wait.
Dad.
We can't just sit and wait.
I'll look into it.
There's a surgeon I interviewed before.
You do? That's great.
Thank you, Hyun Soo.
Don't thank me yet.
(Jung Sun)
Dad, excuse me for a minute.
Hi, Jung Sun.
Is your mom okay?
She's not okay.
Is it really bad?
I'll tell you later. I'm with my dad right now.
Okay. Please tell me later.
Okay.
Good night.
Yes, thank you.
Dad, I'll do it.
It's okay. I got it.
What did they say? Can they schedule her surgery?
He's not in Korea right now.
He's in the States for training.
What now?
My life revolves around your mom,
so I have no connections.
It feels weird to be home during the day...
on a sick leave.
Have some breakfast.
What's wrong?
Shouldn't you eat rice if you need to take your medication?
I always eat bread for breakfast. I don't want rice.
Shouldn't you go?
I'll stay a bit longer.
You should go and work.
Being here won't solve the problem.
Mom.
Why are you so calm?
What should I do...
about your dad?
Our plans completely fell through.
Michelin inspectors showed up...
in other restaurants.
I sent the bass and vegetables back because they weren't fresh.
I'll go buy them. Please be in charge of the kitchen.
Okay.
Would you like some wine or drinks?
Yes. Show me your wine menu, and give me sparking water.
What do you think?
Get another one.
Here's a new one.
Thank you.
I think table 10 is from Michelin.
No. They don't usually make it obvious.
This time it's for real.
He dropped his knife.
He also asked for the wine menu and sparkling water.
There's a rumor that Michelin inspectors do that.
Really?
I heard that too.
Anyway, it doesn't hurt to try.
Thanks for coming out to see me.
No problem. I had to come out for a casting meeting anyway.
I asked my dad,
and it seems he's close with the director of Gookil Hospital.
Do you want to transfer your mom there?
I'll have to discuss that with my dad.
Talk to Mr. Park.
How can I?
Why not?
Are you just going to sit and wait for three months?
Doesn't Won Joon come from a family of doctors?
Do you think every doctor has good connections?
You really don't know anything.
Is it because of Jung Sun that you can't talk to Mr. Park?
No.
I feel bad about asking personal favors.
Don't feel bad.
It's something difficult for you to do,
but for Mr. Park, it's really easy.
Snap out of it, Hyun Soo.
I really don't understand.
Why are you dating Jung Sun,
when you have Mr. Park?
Here's your drink.
Are we done here?
Would you like me to bring out the next course?
Yes, please.
What's the next course?
They barely ate it.
You heat it up too quickly.
Tell them we'll make it again for them.
He asked for the next course.
Didn't you say he seemed like he was from Michelin?
You made a mistake by trying too hard.
Michelin judges your usual skills.
How did you like your meal?
Thank you.
Were they really from Michelin?
I'm not sure.
There's 50 percent chance.
50 percent is a high probability.
It means there's 50 percent chance that they weren't.
Let's get to work.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
Mr. Park, I'm here.
How is it going?
I still haven't heard back yet.
You're coming here every day.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
I met with Hyun Soo on the way here.
Why are you quiet all of a sudden?
Because I have nothing to say.
Her mom is sick.
She needs surgery as soon as possible,
but she has to wait.
Hyun Soo asked me,
but my family has no connections with Seowoo Hospital.
I'm here.
Long time no see, Ms. Ji.
How much did you write?
I finished five episodes.
Then send them to me right away.
Goodness.
Mr. Park. Doesn't she annoy you?
Mr. Park. Doesn't he bore you?
You two make me happy.
[VIU Ver] E30 Temperature of Love "I Think You're Jealous"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Chef. - Ms. Hwangbo.
Eat this. Is Hyun Soo inside?
She went out to see a friend.
She's looking to see if she can get help for her mom.
There are a lot of people on the waitlist...
for the surgery your mother needs.
Goodness.
Does it taste bad?
No.
I don't have an appetite.
Thank you, but I'll have it later.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't know your mother needed a surgery.
You have a lot on your plate. I didn't want to burden you.
You're upsetting me.
You don't tell me a lot of things too.
Do you want tea?
Yes, please.
I wish Mom could get her surgery soon.
I don't know anyone at Seowoo Hospital.
Welcome, Mr. Park.
You're finally letting me see you since you have business.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I looked into what you asked me.
Is there anyone that could operate on her soon?
I happen to know a doctor that just came back...
from a sabbatical in the States.
She's very lucky.
I wish Mom could get her surgery soon.
I don't know anyone at Seowoo Hospital.
Take this to your mother.
Onions are supposed to be good for brain aneurysms. Onion soup.
Thank you. Do you want to come in?
No, I have to meet someone.
(Medi On Plus)
What brings you here?
I have a favor to ask you.
What is it?
Do you know any neurosurgeons at Seowoo Hospital?
Of course I know some.
My university friends became professors. Why?
Is someone sick?
I was hoping to help my girlfriend's mother with an earlier surgery date.
Your girlfriend?
Are you going to marry her?
You're too young to get married.
I didn't say I was going to marry now.
I'm asking you if you can help arrange it.
Why bother helping if you're not going to marry her? It's useless.
Father.
(Neurology)
(Neurosurgery)
Thank you, Mr. Park.
Thank you.
The general wards are full,
so I prepared a room you can admit to right away.
(Get well soon. From, Park Jung Woo.)
You have to fast starting tonight.
We'll start your surgery at 10am tomorrow.
- Thank you. - No problem.
How is it?
It's great.
Let me know if you need anything.
We're indebted to you.
I'm enjoying your citron tea.
I won't catch a cold thanks to you.
Make me some more later.
I can make as much as you want.
- Why is she in the VIP room? - Exactly my point.
Are you here?
I'll get going now.
So soon?
Who are you?
The CEO at Hyun Soo's work.
I'm Lee Hyun Yi. I'm her sister.
Rest well.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
One second.
Mr. Park.
Long time no see.
Thank you.
Sure.
My parents are important to me. Thank you.
Stop thanking me.
I'll move rooms, though.
If you're uncomfortable, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Why do you only say...
"Sorry" or "Thank you" to me?
That's true.
There's no surgery that's easy. Take good care of her.
Bye.
Did he go?
Watch how you address him.
He doesn't look that old anyway.
Dad,
we should switch rooms.
Mr. Park will be upset.
It wouldn't be nice to reject his kindness.
I don't deserve this much from Mr. Park.
We can...
pay for the room ourselves.
It'll be really expensive. Do you have money?
I do.
How can you talk about money at this time?
I'm sorry.
I have the money we saved for the cruise.
When we retire,
we can use the money we get for retirement.
I'm going to give your mom...
the best service she can get.
Honey.
Without her,
I'll die too.
Is this for Hyun Soo's family?
You're so devoted.
This is the least I can do.
This is the best someone can do.
Hyun Soo.
Hey.
Here.
Is she in a VIP room?
It's going to cost a fortune.
Hello.
Are you here?
She's sleeping right now.
Jung Sun brought onion soup for Mom.
She enjoyed it earlier. Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Of course I should come.
You should have told me if she got scheduled for surgery.
I'm sorry.
What time is the surgery?
10am.
Okay. Go in, and rest.
Let's go.
Come in.
Mr. Park.
I'm here.
- Hello. - Are you here?
Welcome.
Is it all right if I come?
Don't say such a thing.
I agree. We like you, Mr. Park.
I woke up early...
to make lunch boxes for five people...
to eat together.
But today,
we won't be able to eat together.